# Project 0
Hi, my name is Jennifer and my project was inspired by my future traveling plans and love for the Japanese culture. I have been taking Japanese at my high school since 8th grade, so this was a very comfortable and pleasureful topic for me. My project focus on five different places that someone could possibly visit if they go to Japan. I provided the viewers with some information about the places and tool regarding transportation and Phrases in Japanese. Index.html file tells the viewers that there are lots of exciting things to do in Japan and they have a strong transportation system for foreigners. link.html file gives the viewers thee links. One link goes to Japan Guide website, so if the viewer is interested in a location they can search for that place through the Japan Guide website. The second link is a hyperlink that takes the viewer to a website that has information about JR passes. The third link to a Google doc painting that I made myself. The painting includes an image of all the places mentioned. list.html file is an unordered list that says the places to visit in Japan. I chose not to order the places because personally, I haven't visited any of the places myself, so I can't make a judgment. The paragraph.html file gives a short overview of each place in the order of the unordered list. Phrase.html file gives the viewers the opportunity to learn six Japanese phrases that would be very useful if they go to Japan. Picture.html shows a picture of JR pass and gives more information about the pass. table.html gives the address, opening to closing hours, typical price, and phone number.  Overall, I tried to meet all the requirement for this project but I was unable to do so. I spent over two hours trying to install sass, but I was unable to do. I wanted to meet all of the requirements but was unable to do so. My goal next time to meet all the requirements. I hope that this website inspires someone to go Japan!
Web Programming with Python and JavaScript
